i wanna make a website where i can give free ott accounts.
Name:StreamBase

the ui will be smooth, minimalistic, dark/light toggle on the left top corner. the icon will change to sun to moon,
from the users end. they can only see the options like netflix, prime, etc options. no admin panel option. once they click the options,
the accounts will show. 
User Experience:

Users see a clean grid/list of OTT service options with icons (Netflix, Disney+, Spotify, etc.)
They click on any service they want
They immediately see available account credentials for that service
No admin controls visible to regular users
Admin Experience (My Backend):

You have a separate admin panel/dashboard
You can add new OTT services with the "+" button
Upload icons for each service
Add multiple account credentials for each service
Manage the account pool
User Interface:

Clean, simple layout showing just the service options
Service icons/logos for easy recognition
Click → get accounts (no registration, no complex flows)
Responsive design for mobile/desktop
i can access the admin panel by domail.com/admin. after that it will ask the mail to see if im the owner. the mail is streambase@admin.com,
once i logged in i will click the plus icon and it will show a box that contains 
Name of service:
Icon Class (Font Awesome) - Optional:
Or Upload Icon - Optional
Color - Optional
Account Type: (account credintials or cookies. like if i want i can add the cookies besides account credintials):
Accounts - Required
Comments (optional): (any notes for th users )

after that a option will be created 
and also i can delete options and accounts from the options separately or all at once. once i add a new accounts it will a "New Accounts!" sign in the bottom of each options
and at the bottom there will be a "Made By Walter" text at the center bottom.This text will be animated gradient color going left to right and right to left. there will be a gif which will be staying beside the text. i mean same size as the text
U will use the poppins font.
i provided a screenshot example like how the accounts or cookies will be shows once the users click each options
like User:
Pass:
expiry: 
etc. i can edit their placeholders too!!
make sure to create without replit dependencies or without any database. make sure the email and domain protected. iwill upload and host the website in
github so everyone can access it. so make sure keep it protected. and YOU CAN ASK ME ANY QUESTIONS. also once i can update the accounts i mentioned. so the stored acocunts
will upldate from github, since its read only it will generate a env code. after doing all the stuff from my end in the bottom it will generate an env code. and i will keep
updating the code so the website and accounts will keep updating. Make the website super smooth, minimalistic and make no mistakes. ask questuons if have any